h1. SnailMailer

SnailMailer is a Ruby on Rails plugin that provides a wrapper for interacting with the "MailFinch":http://www.mailfinch.com/api snail mail service API.

h2. Installation

<pre><code>script/plugin install git@github.com:paulsingh/snailmailer.git</code></pre>

h2. Requirements

You will need a "MailFinch":http://www.mailfinch.com account. Once you have your MailFinch account set up, you will need to "obtain your API key":http://www.mailfinch.com/account/ in order to get started using SnailMailer.

h2. Usage

SnailMailer is intended to be a complete Ruby wrapper for working with the MailFinch API. All methods available from the MailFinch API are available. 

You will need to pass your MailFinch API key to get started:

<pre><code>apiauth = SnailMailer::APIAuth.new("YOUR_API_KEY")</code></pre>
<pre><code>base = SnailMailer::Base.new(apiauth)</code></pre>

Once you have created a SnailMailer object, you can begin interacting with the MailFinch account that your API key is associated with.

h3. Working with Letters

We have provided some methods to make working with your mailing lists easier.

To see all letters associated with your account:
<pre><code>base.show_all_letters</code></pre>

To create a new letter:
<pre><code>data = Hash.new
data[:letter] = Hash.new
data[:letter][:sender_attributes] = Hash.new
data[:letter][:recipient_attributes] = Hash.new

data[:mailing_year]="2011"
data[:mailing_month]="01"
data[:mailing_day]="15"
data[:letter][:pdf_remote_url]="http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw4.pdf"
data[:letter][:sender_attributes][:name]="Some Dude"
data[:letter][:sender_attributes][:street1]="123 Any Street"
data[:letter][:sender_attributes][:city]="Ashburn"
data[:letter][:sender_attributes][:state]="VA"
data[:letter][:sender_attributes][:zip]="20148"
data[:letter][:recipient_attributes][:name]="That Guy"
data[:letter][:recipient_attributes][:street1]="789 Some Dr"
data[:letter][:recipient_attributes][:city]="San Antonio"
data[:letter][:recipient_attributes][:state]="TX"
data[:letter][:recipient_attributes][:zip]="99999"
	
base.create_letter(data)</code></pre>

To show an existing letter with :id=ID
<pre><code>base.show_letter(ID)</code></pre>

To update an existing letter with :id=ID
<pre><code>data = Hash.new
data[:letter] = Hash.new
data[:letter][:sender_attributes] = Hash.new

data[:mailing_year]="2011"
data[:mailing_month]="01"
data[:mailing_day]="01"
data[:letter][:sender_attributes][:country]="USA"
	
base.update_letter(ID, data)</code></pre>

To purchase an existing letter with :id=ID
<pre><code>base.purchase_letter(ID)</code></pre>

h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests

# Fork the project.
# Make your feature addition or bug fix.
# Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
# Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
# Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Paul Singh, released under the MIT license
